Some simplifications in Docs/Simulations For GPUs (#3170)
CliMA/Oceananigans.jl: docs/src/simulation_tips.md

Note that the _literal_ `2π / 86400` is not an issue -- it's only the
_variable_ `T₀` that must be declared `const`.

> Alternatively, passing the variable as a parameter to `GradientBoundaryCondition`. To do that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, we can pass the variable as a parameter to `GradientBoundaryCondition`. To do that
```

  ```

- Try to use higher-order advection schemes. In general when you use a higher-order scheme you need

>   fewer grid points to achieve the same accuracy that you would with a lower-order one.

Reviewer: Do we have a page discussing the advection schemes that are available? If so, we should probably link it here

Author: I don’t think we do. There is this —> https://clima.github.io/OceananigansDocumentation/stable/appendix/library/#Advection

Author: I added a reference to the above. It's better than nothing atm.
